Update readme (#147)
mcode/rems-admin: README.md

# Getting Started with REMS Administrator

To get started, first clone the repository using a method that is most convenient for you.  If using git, run the following command:

`git clone https://github.com/mcode/rems-admin.git`

The following technologies must be installed on your computer to continue:
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
* [Node](https://nodejs.org/en)

## Initialization

After cloning the repository, the submodules must be initialized. Run the following command:

### `git submodule update --init`

Next, install the required dependencies by running the following:

### `npm install`

## Running the Mongo DB instance

> The REMS Administrator relies on MongoDB for it's backing database.

Reviewer: Do the docker commands here actually work?  My experience has been that only the ones in rems-setup work correctly.

Author: good question, I'll update this to show how to launch mongo without docker

| URI Name        | Default                                    | Description                                                                                           |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| AUTH_SERVER_URI | `http://localhost:8090`                    | The base url of the auth server, currently set to the base url of this app.                           |
| HTTPS_CERT_PATH | `server.cert`                              | Path to a certificate for encryption, allowing HTTPS. Unnecessary if using HTTP.                      |
| HTTPS_KEY_PATH  | `server.key`                               | Path to a key for encryption, allowing HTTPS. Unnecessary if using HTTP.                              |
| LOGGING_LEVEL   | `debug`                                    | Amount to output in the log, can be changed to verbose, info, warn, or error.                         |
| MONGO_DB_NAME   | `remsadmin`                                | Name of the database table being used. Should be changed if not using the Mongo instructions above.   |                 

> | MONGO_URL       | `mongodb://rems-user:pass@127.0.0.1:27017` | URL for the connection to the database, should be changed if not using the Mongo instructions below.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MONGO_URL       | `mongodb://rems-user:pass@127.0.0.1:27017` | URL for the connection to the database, should be changed if not using the Mongo instructions above.  |
```

       docker stop rems_local_pims_remsadmin_mongo
   ```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:8090/cds-services](http://localhost:8090/cds-services) to view the CDS Services discovery information in the browser.

You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/running-tests/) for more information.

## Usage

> The REMS Admin interacts with the [Request Generator](https://github.com/mcode/request-generator), [REMS SMART on FHIR app](https://github.com/mcode/rems-smart-on-fhir), and an [EHR](https://github.com/mcode/test-ehr). These apps are provided as part of the REMS ecosystem, but any individual part may be swapped out for something custom. The REMS Admin responsds to CDS Hooks request as well as FHIR operations for the questionnaire package ($questionnaire-package) and REMS ETASU check ($rems-etasu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REMS Admin interacts with the [Request Generator](https://github.com/mcode/request-generator), [REMS SMART on FHIR app](https://github.com/mcode/rems-smart-on-fhir), and an [EHR](https://github.com/mcode/test-ehr). These apps are provided as part of the REMS ecosystem, but any individual part may be swapped out for something custom. The REMS Admin responds to CDS Hooks requests as well as FHIR operations for the questionnaire package ($questionnaire-package) and REMS ETASU check ($rems-etasu).
```

| URI Name        | Default                                    | Description                                                                                           |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| AUTH_SERVER_URI | `http://localhost:8090`                    | The base url of the auth server, currently set to the base url of this app.                           |
| HTTPS_CERT_PATH | `server.cert`                              | Path to a certificate for encryption, allowing HTTPS. Unnecessary if using HTTP.                      |
| HTTPS_KEY_PATH  | `server.key`                               | Path to a key for encryption, allowing HTTPS. Unnecessary if using HTTP.                              |
| LOGGING_LEVEL   | `debug`                                    | Amount to output in the log, can be changed to verbose, info, warn, or error.                         |
| MONGO_DB_NAME   | `remsadmin`                                | Name of the database table being used. Should be changed if not using the Mongo instructions below.   |                 

> | MONGO_URL       | `mongodb://rems-user:pass@127.0.0.1:27017` | URL for the connection to the database, should be changed if not using the Mongo instructions below.  |

Reviewer: The mongo instructions are above, in this case

Author: updated
